.TH EAPeak 1

.SH NAME
EAPeak - Analysis tool for EAP enabled wireless networks.

.SH SYNOPSIS
eapeak [-h] [-f PCAPS [PCAPS ...]] [-s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]]
       [-l] [-c] [-i INTERFACE] [-v] [--no-xml | --xml] [--export-x509]
       [--x509-format {der,pem}]

.SH DESCRIPTION
EAPeak is an open source tool to facilitate auditing of wireless
 networks that utilize the Extensible Authentication Protocol framework
for authentication.  It is meant to give useful information relating to
 the security of these networks for pentesters to use while searching for
vulnerabilities.  The output of eapeak is a summary of the available 
networks, which BSSIDs are broadcasting them, and what clients are
 associated with them.  The networks are organized based on SSID and if 
no SSID is available they are marked as UNKNOWN_SSID with the 
corresponding BSSID.  Each network is also shown with any clients that 
have been associated with it and the EAP type(s) that the client seems 
to support.

.SH OPTIONS 
usage: eapeak [-h] [-f PCAPS [PCAPS ...]] [-s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]]
              [-l] [-c] [-i INTERFACE] [-v] [--no-xml | --xml] [--export-x509]
              [--x509-format {der,pem}]

EAPeak: Analysis tool for EAP enabled wireless networks

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f PCAPS [PCAPS ...], --file PCAPS [PCAPS ...]
                        the path to the PCap file(s)
  -s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...], --ssid TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]
                        specific SSID(s) to analyze
  -l, --live            analyze packets live
  -c, --curses          use the BETA curses interface when capturing live
  -i INTERFACE, --iface INTERFACE
                        interface to use when capturing live
  -v, --version         show program's version number and exit
  --no-xml              don't export data to xml (default: save when
                        capturing)
  --xml                 export data to xml (default: save when capturing)

certificate export options:
  --export-x509         start EAPeak certificate export wizard
  --x509-format {der,pem}
                        format to save certificates as, default: pem

.SH RESOURCES
EAPeak relies on the Scapy libraries from the community repository.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2011-2018 SecureState

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
    copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
    in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    distribution.
  * Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

.SH AUTHOR
Spencer McIntyre

.SH SEE ALSO
RFC 2716 (EAP-TLS)
.P 
RFC 3748 (EAP)
.P
RFC 4851 (EAP-FAST)
.P
RFC 5281 (EAP-TTLSv0)
